What Does Red Velvet Cake Taste Like?
I used to be unsure about red velvet. 
I don’t really trust a cake that has a mystery flavor.
 What is red velvet? Is it vanilla, chocolate, or just a butter cake tinted red?
 From red velvet brownies and red velvet cookies and red velvet cupcakes,
 I’ve had a lot of fun getting to know red velvet. Red velvet is:

Mild cocoa flavor
Tangy buttermilk
Sweet vanilla
Very buttery
These 4 flavors are essential to the perfect red velvet layer cake.
 Not only is the flavor outstanding, red velvet cake’s texture is worth writing home about.
 It’s dense and soft with a moist and velvety crumb. However, the absolute best part about
 red velvet cake is the cream cheese frosting. Slathered on thick, my cream cheese frosting recipe
 is delicately sweet and undeniably creamy.



How to Make Red Velvet Cake
I use specific ingredients,
 certain amounts,
 and unique mixing techniques to produce my best red velvet cake recipe.
 Begin by whisking the dry ingredients together, then beat together the wet ingredients. 
We’ll combine the two, add buttermilk and tint the batter red.
 More on food coloring below.

Cake Flour: I highly recommend that you use cake flour.
 Cake flour is much lighter than all-purpose and the perfect base for a light, 
soft-crumbed cake texture. Like I mention above, red velvet’s texture is important to the authenticity of the flavor.
 You will thank me for the recommendation after you taste how incredibly soft this cake is!
 It’s the texture you find at professional bakeries. If you can’t get your hands on cake flour,
 you can make a DIY cake flour substitute.
Unsweetened Cocoa Powder: 2 Tablespoons is plenty for
 a little cocoa flavor without overpowering the vanilla
 and butter flavors.
Butter & Oil:
 What sets red velvet cake apart from chocolate is its buttery flavor.
 With only butter, we risk a dry cake. With only oil, we lose the butter flavor
 and softness that comes with creaming butter & sugar together. So all that’s
 to say, use both butter and oil. Moist texture, soft and cakey texture, buttery flavor. Boom.

Buttermilk: Buttermilk is tangy, creamy, and makes baked goods extremely moist.
 You can’t make delicious red velvet cake without it!
 Additionally, buttermilk helps activate the baking soda to leaven the cake.



CAKE IS READY!!